c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\bin\Debug\BitnovaStores.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\bin\Debug\BitnovaStores.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\bin\Debug\BitnovaStores.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.Form1.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.warehouse.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.categories.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.products.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.settings.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.suppliers.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.alerts.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.login.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.profile.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.reports.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.users.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\bin\Debug\EasyHTMLReports.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.receive_stock.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.orders.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.use_stock.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.DoneOrdersReport.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.LiveOrdersReport.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.LowStockReport.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.ReceivedStockReport.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\obj\Debug\BitnovaStores.UsedStockReport.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BitnovaStores\BitnovaStores\bin\Debug\MySQL.Portable.dll
